[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MERIDETH:
I think all of us
have wondered from time
to time about the nature
of strange phenomena.
Are elves, fairies,
and dragons real?
How about Bigfoot and
the Loch Ness Monster?
And what about those
pictographs of helicopters
on Egyptian temple walls?
Today we're going to ask those
questions of Sheila Gillette's
channeled group called Theo.
But first let's find out how
Sheila began her channeling.
Sheila, it's wonderful
to have you here again.
This is our what?
Maybe fifth-- fourth, fifth?
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
Fourth or fifth, yeah.
>>REGINA: Something like that.
Yeah, we did this with Conscious
Media Network a few times.
And now we're back.
>>GILLETTE: It's great to
be with you again, Regina.
It's really fun to see you.
>>REGINA: And you, too.
And for our audience who
is not already familiar
with your work, let's
just talk a little bit
about the original
near-death experience
and how you ended up in this
situation all those years ago.
How many years ago
did that happen?
>>GILLETTE: Oh, gosh.
It was 1969.
45 years.
>>REGINA: 45 years
you've been doing this.
This is way before anyone
knew what channeling was.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah, I've
been around a long time.
>>REGINA: And few people
watching this know it,
but you were the mentor
for Esther Hicks.
>>GILLETTE: I was.
>>REGINA: And the Abraham
group coming through.
Because you and the Theo
group where the ones--
she was a devotee of your work.
And the Theo group told her
she could do a similar thing
and bring another
group waiting through.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And that's
how that all got done.
>>GILLETTE: That
started way back then.
>>REGINA: Yes.
But for you, what happened?
>>GILLETTE: For me, I had a
near-death experience in 1969
after the birth of
one of my daughters.
And I had pulmonary embolus.
I had an experience of a
healing, a miraculous healing
in the intensive care unit.
My lungs were both
full of fluid.
I had the doctors
telling my family
that I wasn't going to
make it through the day.
And I was laying there on my
little cubicle bed, going,
hey, God, give me a job.
I had two little kids at home.
I had a brand-new baby.
And I just-- I
want to stay here.
I want to raise my children.
And that was like a
mantra I kept repeating.
And at one moment, I saw the
movement at the end of my bed.
And I focused on it.
And the room became
extremely bright,
just as if the sun had
risen in the room itself.
And Jesus was standing
at the end of my bed.
And I was like, whoa.
>>REGINA: Whoa, what
are you doing here?
>>GILLETTE: Whoa.
Hello.
And I was just
mesmerized by his eyes.
And he smiled at me.
And he crossed his arms
in this-- he had a cloak.
And he crossed his
arms like this.
And then he smiled.
And I heard on my inner
hearing, my inner mind hearing,
a distinct male voice say,
"Remember, my child, you
are loved."
That point, I felt
the crown of my head
open up, and this warm honey--
it felt like warm honey--
being poured in and
relaxing my whole body.
And I couldn't breathe.
I felt like I had an
elephant sitting on my chest.
>>REGINA: Because of the fluid?
>>GILLETTE: Because of
the fluid in my lungs.
And when this warmth went
down through my body,
I felt like it went [GASPING]
like I was being breathed.
And he just smiled at me.
And it could have been seconds.
It could have been hours.
It was out of time.
But when that happened, I
just completely relaxed.
And I knew I was going to be OK.
And the light
dimmed in the room.
And I started getting better.
And the doctors didn't know
why, because they were preparing
my family that I wasn't going
to make it through the day.
>>REGINA: The lungs
started clearing?
>>GILLETTE: They
started clearing.
And I started getting better.
And I was in the
hospital for a month.
But when I got home, six
months after that event,
I started having all kinds of
psychic phenomena happening
internally, externally, messages
being given me in that same way
that I was spoken to by
Jesus, and information I
couldn't possibly
have known about.
Could do automatic writing.
And in the automatic
writing I got prose.
First I would get a paragraph
in Castilian Spanish, which
I didn't know, and then
a paragraph in English
and a paragraph in Spanish.
And I had to find somebody
that could translate it for me.
And what was happening is
that the angels and the spirit
guides, they were
giving the Spanish
and then translating it
into the English for me.
So that I knew, that
I could be assured
that this wasn't coming from me.
These are things I couldn't
have done on my own.
And they knew I was pretty
analytical and skeptical.
Not skeptical in
a way of blockage,
but in the just-- is this me?
Am I crazy?
Or is this really real?
And then I was given
information about Watergate
before it happened,
and years later
had the privilege of
meeting John Erlichman that
confirmed what I had received.
And then it's just
gone from there.
I worked with
scientists and research
and was tested for my
psychic ability, which
was really nice, giving me the
Housekeeping Seal of Approval
that I was psychic and not
a walking crazy person.
Because back in
1969, these things
weren't openly discussed.
>>REGINA: Well, the
word "channeling"
wasn't even really
used back then.
>>GILLETTE: No, no.
It wasn't even
coined as a phrase.
The title that I was
given, a spiritual medium
is the title I was given,
a trance spiritual medium,
which actually I kind of prefer.
Because the other thing that's
so familiar and so popular,
called channeling, it can be
overused and abused a bit.
>>REGINA: Well, it's turned out
to be-- it's utilized-- it cuts
a broad swath of phenomena
and communication.
>>GILLETTE: Yes, it does.
>>REGINA: And that's one
thing-- I agree with you.
I don't particularly care
for that term myself,
simply because a person might
be simply getting guidance
from themselves,
their higher aspect.
They might be getting
guidance from elsewhere
or another being.
And if you're sensitive,
you can hear that
or do automatic writing.
But that's not the
same as being a medium.
It's a very different
quality to it.
>>GILLETTE: It's very different.
And especially a
direct voice medium.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Where the direct
voice, they take over my body.
They take over my vocal chords
and speak directly through me.
There's a different voice.
It's my voice, a bit more
masculine, as you know.
And so that can be a little
off-putting for some.
>>REGINA: I remember
you telling me before,
in the beginning it was
challenging for you because you
had this booming, almost
digital, I am from Mars,
digital kind of voice
coming through you.
And it was quite disconcerting
and shocking when it first
started, right?
>>GILLETTE: It was
very loud also.
>>REGINA: And very loud, yeah.
>>GILLETTE: I would
come out of a session,
and people would say,
is your throat sore?
And it didn't sound
any different to me.
I felt the energy.
And it became very comfortable
and very loving energy.
And the information was
phenomenal that I was getting.
And the information about the
fifth dimension, which is now,
everybody's talking about it.
This was in the '70s that
this was being talked about.
And in my first book, "The
Fifth Dimension, Channels
to a New Reality," a lot of the
things that they spoke about
are happening today, and
the changes in the world,
the changes in
political structures,
the changes in global economy,
and the changes in us.
Because this is the time that
really is the time that's
been spoken about, that all
I can do, you can do it more,
is really what is
now in us becoming
the masters that we are.
We all have the ability
to connect with source,
to connect to the guidance
that is ever present about us.
And really, the work that
I do is that encouragement
and giving tools to people to
address that and become that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And a beautiful job you do.
And you and your
husband, Marcus,
have a radio program each week.
And so some of the
people watching this
have already connected
with your work
through that, through
the last five years.
And sometimes I come
on as a guest host
and ask whatever questions I'm
interested in, which always
kind of skew toward
the unordinary.
>>GILLETTE: That's why
we love you so much.
Because it's so interesting.
>>REGINA: And that's kind
of what we're doing today.
And as we go along, and
hopefully have other programs
in the future, we can deal
more at home where people live.
But I thought, hey,
while we're here,
I've got my little list
of phenomena, things
that people are
curious about and have
been written about as the
great mysteries of all times.
And I thought, why not?
We've got you and
Theo right here.
Why not get a little
higher perspective
on what some of
this phenomena is?
And also, what I didn't
say when I introduced
you was that I'm also very
interested in the changing
nature of relationships
between odd bedfellows in terms
of the animal kingdom
and the way animals
are now interacting
with us in a new way,
and a couple very
specific things.
So a lot of this is about
animals that we love
and creatures that
we've been curious about
and that sort of thing.
And then we're going to
have another program later
that gets down into who
we are, why we incarnate
into the families we are
incarnated into and all that.
And you don't know any of this
because I didn't involve you,
because it's really
between me and Theo.
>>GILLETTE: I get that.
I get that.
But you know, it's so much fun.
And as we've talked about,
Marcus and I talk about a lot,
we're only limited by our
curiosity and our intellect.
And that's why, Regina, I
love so much your questioning.
Because you go into those
areas that most of us
wouldn't think about.
And it's interesting.
You know, we're interested.
>>REGINA: It pulls
out new information.
It's fun, and for me, it
satisfies some curiosity.
But also it helps us understand.
For me, asking about
these anomalous creatures
and this kind of
phenomena helps fill
in the backstory of
this planet, who we are,
what has been in the past that
we have no remembrance of.
And so I like it for a larger
purpose than just curiosity,
too.
And I'm sure a lot
of our viewers do.
>>GILLETTE: Well, and
it's an expanded thought.
You know, we've been
so myopic really.
And now's the time to
expand our thinking
and bring out information
that we wouldn't
have been ready to
understand before now.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
OK.
Well, with that in
mind, Sheila, how do you
feel about going
bye-bye for a while
and letting Theo come through?
>>GILLETTE: You bet.
>>REGINA: And
letting everybody get
used to the feeling
and the sound of Theo
while we begin this conversation
about the incredible animal
kingdom and creature kingdom.
>>GILLETTE: Great.
I'll talk to you later.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>GILLETTE: OK.
Here we go.
>>THEO: It is the
beginning, is it not?
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>THEO: We are appreciative
of the opportunity
to be of service unto you.
You may ask.
>>REGINA: Thank you, Theo.
It's good to see you.
It's good to be with you again.
I can't see you, actually.
And I would like to talk
to you about-- I don't know
if you were present
listening to my conversation
a moment ago with
Sheila, but I'm
interested in talking
to you about some
of the strange and
unanswered questions
on this planet regarding our
creatures and our animals,
our beloved animals as well.
And if you don't mind, if we
start there and then maybe go
into a couple larger
themes later, is that OK?
>>THEO: It is of
acceptance you are asking.
And we are aware
of your thoughts.
>>REGINA: Let's
start with a couple
of the anomalous creatures.
One of them that
has been written
about throughout history
but never fully understood
is one that we know as
Sasquatch or Bigfoot
and what that
species actually is.
>>THEO: You could speak of them
as the giants of this Earth.
And there have been
and would be continued
in the archaeological
finds, there
have been these beings of
quite large stature that
have inhabited this
planet, and that
are unfamiliar in the sense of
actuality and living together.
But there is those that
are on this planet that
tend to not be seen.
>>REGINA: And can you
tell us about that?
I mean, the one-- the hallmark
of Bigfoot or Sasquatch
or this type of being
that lives on the planet
is that they are hidden
and keep to themselves
in remote regions.
Can you tell us what
regions of the world
they still exist in, and
from the very beginning, what
lineage they came from?
>>THEO: Hmm.
To the northern part of
your, hmm, country present
and beyond those borders
that you have set.
For before, there
were no borders
to describe particular states,
countries, hemispheres.
It was all that was, you see.
But now, northerly, so
less populated areas.
For it is in safety
to them, for they
wish not to have fear-based
beings hunting them
as has been in the past.
>>REGINA: And what is the
nature of their consciousness,
in terms of-- do
they operate more
telepathically with each other?
Do they have tight societies
of what's left of them?
Are they continuing
to reproduce and live
within these remote
regions themselves?
>>THEO: Not so much
the reproduction,
for it would not be in
such a state for the Earth
as it is ecologically speaking
and for the well-being
of this culture.
So there are few.
Yes, they are connected
telepathically.
They're connected very much
to the higher vibration
of their souls or
their energy fields.
>>REGINA: You hear
every now and then
what becomes known
as urban legend,
that on occasion in history
that one of these beings
has come forward to
assist a human who
was in some sort
of danger or need.
>>THEO: They have, yes.
>>REGINA: And they've come
out of their own safety zone
in order to do that.
>>THEO: In that sense
of life or death, yes.
That has occurred.
And they would not stay
for their own safety.
>>REGINA: And so those
aren't urban legends.
>>THEO: They are not.
>>REGINA: Those are true
situations that occurred.
>>THEO: They are.
>>REGINA: So they, unlike
maybe the development
we are right now, have
remained throughout history
in close connection
with the soul force
that they incarnate
with or into.
And what is their life span?
>>THEO: Some have lived
longer than 100 years.
>>REGINA: But shall we assume
this phenomena, this type
of being is going to begin dying
out now because the planet is
no longer-- its
frequencies or its ecology
is no longer sustaining
their lifestyle?
>>THEO: Correct.
>>REGINA: So it's
the end of that.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: And they're
still in North America?
>>THEO: They are.
>>REGINA: China?
Remote areas of other
northern countries?
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
All right.
>>THEO: Cooler climate.
>>REGINA: Cooler climates.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
Thank you for that.
Now, another one is the
whole subject of dragons.
And I spoke with you
about this not long ago
when we had a chance to have
some fun in another show, one
of Sheila and Marcus's shows.
And I enjoyed what you had to
say about this, because I had
been told by my beings that
dragons were upon the Earth.
They're not mythological.
That they were in this
density at one time.
Can you explain the
phenomena around creatures
that were incarnate but that
densities or frequencies change
and are no longer
visible but still exist?
Or what's the situation
with dragons in our world?
>>THEO: Dragons have
existed in this world,
on this earthly plane, yes.
And they had existed
as they've been
depicted in some ways on film.
Not with the great mythology,
but with the actuality
of their physical structure.
And many archaeological
beings or science
have seen these remains in such.
And these were upon the planet
in a way as large beings
or large forms that were
conducive of the environment
of the time.
The environment now
does not sustain.
And they're metamorphosed
into other forms
that are much smaller.
>>REGINA: How would
we recognize them now?
What would those forms be
that where once dragons?
>>THEO: There are forms
that are in your oceans.
There are particular
forms that form in water
and then becomes land-based,
such as salamanders,
the very small form, you see.
But very similar,
only miniature,
they would see it as, yes?
>>REGINA: So when you speak of
the environment in which they
lived, that would
have been a time
also when human beings
and other creatures
were much larger
than we are now,
where the environment or
the density, frequencies,
dimensions could support
that largeness of being?
>>THEO: Yes.
There were large
human forms as well.
>>REGINA: And that's a subject
that I find fascinating
and I've done a
couple interviews on.
And from my understanding,
forms as large as 30 feet high
have been discovered.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: Can you talk
about this period of history
and this kind of
discovery and why
now and what that means on
a deeper soul level, what
it means for us to connect
with this knowledge?
>>THEO: Knowing you're
larger than you are, yes?
There are just
those forms in which
the soul energy that is this
the spark of the human race
in actuality, that is
multi-dimensional, inhabited
those forms as well
because they were
life-sustaining in the
environment in which they were.
No longer is the environment
conducive to that size.
And it became much
more diminished.
What you find now, the forms
are becoming larger once again.
>>REGINA: Yes.
We devolved in size.
And now we're starting to
pick up some speed again.
What is it that's changed
that's allowing-- I mean,
we know that more proteins
and those kinds of things
have been made available
globally and all that.
But are there other
factors in terms
of why we are
beginning to pick up
in size and even perhaps
in age span again?
>>THEO: The
vibrational frequency
that is about the
Earth presently.
There are 12 dimensions about
the Earth, of which you are now
participating with
the fifth, which
is a greater form
of consciousness.
Never before in the
third dimension,
which is your
physical reality, that
could sustain that knowledge
on the vibrational frequency.
There would have been
a short circuiting
because it is very electric.
Now as the body has evolved,
beings have evolved,
their bodies are larger.
They can sustain this
higher electrical frequency
that aligns you with
the matter of which you
are, the dust of the stars.
Yes?
And knowing that the
Earth is but one choice,
there are billions of choices
of incarnations for each soul
to choose from.
The Earth is the learning of
emotions and the interactions
that bring forth emotions
and the connectivity one unto
the other.
For humans are herd animals.
>>REGINA: Herd animals, yes.
>>THEO: Yes.
Wishing to connect
to family, community,
to belong one unto the other and
to support each other's growth,
consciousness.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So when you were speaking
of the dragons that
were of very large
stature and the people
that we would call giants
in our discoveries today,
but the large-statured
human beings in that time,
were they existing
at a time when
the Earth was in
higher frequencies?
Or was it early phases of
third-dimensional frequencies?
>>THEO: It was early stages of
third-dimensional frequencies.
So they are in the
brain, was being
formed in such a way where there
was this fight or flight, fear.
The neural pathways
of the brain then
were-- the default
mechanism was for survival.
What is changing now at
the higher frequencies
is the reframing of the brain
into new neural pathways, no
longer defaulting to
that which is fear,
but to the default of
possibility and positivity.
>>REGINA: That's a
big switch for us.
That's the shift.
That's the shift everyone's
been talking about.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: So as I want to
wrap up this on dragons,
because they feature
large right now
in our media and
entertainment and in the more
common mythologies
and novels that
are written for young
girls and so forth.
And young children
are connecting with
and kind of imagining,
dreaming, and connecting more
with that dragon
energy, I'm noticing.
And we depict it as our
pleasant-- a companion
who lives for us,
by our side, who's
ready to take us on a journey
with them and protect us.
In truth, what were
dragons alongside humans?
Assuming we were all
existing at the same time,
what was the relationship
between dragons
and the human kingdom?
>>THEO: There were some
beneficial relationships
unless there were adversities.
For that was a time
of survival as well.
Yes.
>>REGINA: So what were the
beneficial relationships
between humans and dragons?
>>THEO: It could be much
as you described it.
>>REGINA: Protectors.
>>THEO: Protectors.
Assistors.
Yes.
>>REGINA: And so
these young people
that are connecting more
with the dragon energy,
are they actually
connecting more
into their own aura in the
past and what they once
had with the dragons?
Or are they actually
connecting to that other realm?
>>THEO: They're connecting
to the multdimensionality
of the realms.
For it is all there, you see.
And they're remembering.
For the veils that have been so
thick in the mind, that did not
allow for this remembrance
to occur, are thinned.
And now beings evolving
into this higher state
of consciousness
have the ability
to accept greater
insights than ever before
and be empowered by them.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And these children seem to
have even fewer veils yet.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: Thinner veils yet.
And one thing that the
dragons were also noted for
was the breath of fire.
And I remember you told me once
before this was quite literal.
They had a particular
ability within their beings.
Can you talk about that?
>>THEO: They do have
that ability, did have.
Yes.
Still do in another
dimensions, as you were.
>>REGINA: How do they create
fire within their being
and have it not impact
their physical bodies?
>>THEO: Just as you have
fire within your being,
which is called
inflammation, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Yes.
Interesting.
Well, their
inflammation is depicted
as coming out as flames.
>>THEO: As their breath, yes.
>>REGINA: Is that
metaphorical or literal?
>>THEO: It is metaphorical.
But it is the heat of the
breath that could warm.
Yes?
>>REGINA: Oh, so they had a
very warm breath, outbreath.
>>THEO: Yes, yes.
But there are those embodied
now, just as you are,
that have had the capacity
to internally combust
with the heat within them.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I was going to ask
you about that.
What exactly is occurring
when a person's fire reaches
such a level that that occurs?
>>THEO: It's a bit of
an imbalance, you see.
When one is out of balance,
and the inflammation
is to such a heightened degree,
and the electrical balance
of their body is off
as well, then there
is an occurrence of combustion.
>>REGINA: Yes.
That's another one at
those strange anomalies.
Yes.
>>THEO: We see it not
as strange as you do.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHING]
I'm sure you don't.
Thank you for that.
OK.
Now let's go into some other
of the creatures that live more
in the realm of myth--
centaurs, for example.
What exactly happened in the
early days of human development
and creatures?
I mean, what we
understand now is
there were various different
cultures that have been here.
There's been a lot of genetic
kind of experimentation,
manipulation throughout
Earth's history.
How do you describe
creatures that
are half human, half
another source animal?
>>THEO: There had been those
inner changes in what you
call DNA, in reproduction, that
occurred in experimentation.
Yes.
And then there were born of
those two strains of species.
It is similar to, if there
were a cat born with two heads,
you see.
An anomaly, yes.
But it occurs, does it
not, with the transmutation
of certain genes.
So it has occurred, yes.
>>REGINA: What type of--
When you're looking at
beings who are half human
and half a particular animal,
what was the nature of this?
Did, as with humans,
a similar kind of soul
inhabit these beings?
Or was it a different
kind of soul
that could do such
an inhabitation?
>>THEO: There are souls.
Each of you are unique
in your own way, you see.
So we would say different,
in your terminology,
of different type.
But remember, each of you
are unique in your own soul,
not one the same.
>>REGINA: And from
all different parts
of experience in the universes,
we should assume, right?
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I often joke that
there is no one that's
really indigenous on one level
to this life here on Earth.
>>THEO: That is correct.
Because the soul is eternal.
It is ongoing.
It is energy, you see.
It is the choices
that the soul makes
where it inhabits
a certain, hmm,
planet, such as the Earth,
for a particular experience
in the form that can
sustain it, which
happens to be the human body.
You see?
>>REGINA: And so it was
a different experience
for a centaur, for example.
>>THEO: Yes.
And not long lived.
>>REGINA: I see.
There were inherent
genetic challenges
that didn't allow
for a long lifespan.
>>THEO: Correct.
>>REGINA: OK.
What about mermaids?
That's probably one of the
most wondered about creatures.
>>THEO: Mythologically speaking.
>>REGINA: Mythologically, yes.
>>THEO: Magically, yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>THEO: But there
were some that were,
as they were
transforming, as you would
see a salamander would thus be
turned like a fish, with gills.
And then it becomes more,
hmm, land-bearing animal.
Which then the gills drop
away, and the legs form,
and one walks the Earth.
So it's similar
to that, you see.
There was just
this metamorphosis
into the human
form from the sea.
>>REGINA: And so,
mythologically, they're
usually female.
They're usually beautiful.
Was there a particular
kind of-- again, was there
a particular kind
of soul impetus
to have this
transformation take place?
And did they actually look
like a feminine human being?
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>THEO: Much like the
centaur looked like the male.
>>REGINA: Yes,
looked like the male.
>>THEO: Yes.
So they were genetically,
all genetically
aligned to male or female.
>>REGINA: OK.
Yes, I've heard
that in the kingdom
of elves and sprites
and undines and fairies.
That seems to be
that certain of them
tend to show themselves
as males solely.
And others seem to
show themselves--
the water elements, for
example, seem to show themselves
almost exclusively
as female also.
Which is interesting
when you look
at the subject of mermaids.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: So what
is the affinity
of the feminine with water?
>>THEO: Spirit.
>>REGINA: Can you go into
a little more explanation?
>>THEO: So that
theoretical spirituality
that is water-based is true.
For it is fluid.
It is flow, the water of life.
If there were not water on your
planet, there would be no life.
It is life-sustaining.
The female is the creator
of birth, is it not?
Not that the male
does not participate,
but through the
female and water.
For in the womb there
is water as well, yes?
For creation.
>>REGINA: So the
beings that are--
let me go back for one moment.
Do mermaids still exist?
Are they still in our water?
>>THEO: If they exist in
the mind, they exist, yes.
>>REGINA: Do they exist
physically in the oceans
in our current dimension
of physicality?
>>THEO: No.
>>REGINA: OK.
Thank you.
>>THEO: But is it not the mind--
>>REGINA: Oh, yes, absolutely.
>>THEO: --where
all things exist?
>>REGINA: Yes, of course.
I'm making that very
blunt distinction here.
>>THEO: Yes.
We know the
distinction, but we wish
not to diminish what
the mind creates.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And that's a very good point.
Thank you for that.
On a similar level, there
is the Loch Ness Monster.
>>THEO: Hmm.
It really existed when there
were the large creatures
upon this planet, yes,
with the long necks.
>>REGINA: And so
what people think
they're seeing now
in modern times, what
is it they're actually seeing?
>>THEO: There are some creatures
in water that are very large.
And some have been found as
little as a few weeks ago
from your oceans that others
would have been surprised
that they even could
exist in large forms.
>>REGINA: And how
large are they?
>>THEO: There's, hmm, as large
as a large horse or giraffe.
Which when one sees something
in such a way as this,
the mind enlarges
it even more, yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>THEO: With the shock
of the possibility, yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
Those are called fish tales.
We tend to exaggerate the size
of the fish that we catch here.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: Makes one feel
better about their catch.
>>THEO: And when one fears
what might happen to them,
they enlarge that
possibility as well, yes?
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
OK.
On that note of
beings in the sea,
there have been just a
couple of little videos
that are making their way around
the planet via the internet.
And one that I just-- it
makes you giggle and cry
and it just warms your
heart so greatly is-- we're
going to take a
little look at it.
It's a seal that climbed-- out
in the oceans, climbed on board
somebody's boat.
So let's just take
a moment, Theo.
And we'll take a
look at that video.
We'll be right back.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>Hi, baby.
Hi, baby.
You're so pretty.
Yes, you are.
Look, baby.
[MAKING SEAL CALLS]
Come back, baby.
He wants to come on the boat.
He's on the fricking boat.
Why would he even
come this close to us?
>>See look.
He just smelled me.
That's all he did.
You been videoing this?
>>Yeah.
>>Oh, my.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>REGINA: Theo, to
see a little seal who
climbs on board a
boat out of nowhere,
knowing humans are aboard,
and climbs on that man's lap
and just starts rolling
and loving this man.
It was like the seal was
in love with this person.
Can you talk about the
animal kingdom and humans
now with these new frequencies?
Because more of this
seems to be happening.
>>THEO: It is.
As there is acceptance
and a reduction of fear
that they would be
harmed, they wish
to be a part of the
Earth in its bounds,
and ultimately the love.
There is a love for all species.
And what you witnesses
is that from that species
accepting human
beings and having
an understanding of that
connectivity, one to the other,
to sustain life
upon your planet.
>>REGINA: It's so beautiful
because it's completely
without human guile.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: They show their love
so joyfully and so completely.
They can just roll in it.
>>THEO: Yes.
As long as they're not in fear--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>THEO: --and afraid
of their survival
and know that they are accepted.
For they feel that vibration
of acceptance and love
as was felt there.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And another little
video that came up
was-- a girl was out water
skiing a little while ago.
I don't know if it
was a week or two ago.
And dozens and
dozens of dolphins
showed up and started
running alongside her,
just leaping through the air.
I mean, I was
hysterical watching it.
It was such a joyful experience.
This boat goes along, and
this one girl on her ski,
and dozens of dolphins
surrounding her
and leaping alongside of
her for joy on her journey.
>>THEO: They were on
their journey to play.
Yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
It's really quite beautiful.
But of course, in
this world, there
is curiosity about
the dolphin and whale
species, which I'm
going to ask you about.
And there's great
concern for them as well.
And first I would
like to ask you,
what is the more kind of
interstellar-- there is thought
to be an interstellar
connection between dolphins
and whales and other
off-planet cultures.
Can you talk about sort
of the source and origin
of them or their consciousness?
>>THEO: There is a
higher conscious state
of dolphins and whales.
And there is a strong
communicative skill
that they have, a
communion with each other,
a conversation as it were.
And they share and
protect each other.
So you will often see the
whales and dolphins traveling
together, just as human beings
have had other places to travel
out of their physical structure.
>>REGINA: So you're saying more
on an astral or psychic level,
they travel maybe to other
planes, other planets?
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: And communicate
with other beings
from other planets?
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: Because
it's often thought
there's been a connection
between, say, dolphins
and the planet Sirius.
I mean not the
planet, the star, yes.
>>THEO: They are connected to
your universal energies, yes.
But so are you.
>>REGINA: And so before--
just focusing on them,
what is their
desire, their growth,
their task in this
interstellar communication?
What are they doing
to the planet?
>>THEO: Balancing the
Earth, but also the sea.
And they give information,
do they not, to the sciences.
So there is a blending
of energy that will come.
For it is the sciences
and the artisans
that bring about the
conversation that
bring the global
community together.
And they are part of that.
>>REGINA: They engender a
lot of love and compassion
among human beings,
dolphins and whales.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: And whales are
called the record keepers.
Are they record keepers?
>>THEO: They are.
Just all species
are record keepers
to some degree, some
greater and lesser degrees.
>>REGINA: The
oceans, the condition
of the oceans with some of the
acidification that's happened
and some of the radiation
from Fukushima and elsewhere,
other events-- are the seas
capable of regenerating
themselves and the health
of the sea, with everything
that our planet's up
against right now?
>>THEO: It is capable.
Just as the human body has
the capability of healing,
the sea does as well, as
there is attention paid to it,
and awarenesses.
And know there are natural
events on this planet that
have been a continuum,
have always been,
which the seas have been a part
and adjust energetically to.
>>REGINA: But this
isn't natural now,
the radiation exposure
in particular.
Now, you have differing
camps politically,
some saying don't eat
anything from the sea anymore.
It's all been tainted.
It all has high
levels of radiation.
We should no longer eat
the fish of the seas
unless it comes from a very
clean Arctic region where
the flow of the
radiation is not coming.
And there are other camps
that say, no, you're
over-exaggerating that.
Those maps aren't correct.
What's the truth about the
level of exposure of radiation
to the Pacific
Ocean in particular?
>>THEO: There has
been radiation,
as you know, that has
been accounted for,
that is being, hmm, there's
been a bit of cleansing,
if you would, of it.
It is there.
But know there's constant
radiation about your planet
now that all beings, all
things are having to adjust to.
>>REGINA: That's
pretty much where
I've gone in my thinking
is, well, yes, it
appears that it was an accident
of rather large proportions
that happened in
Japan at Fukushima,
but it does seem as
though the human species,
for various reasons,
needs to somehow come
to adapt to higher
levels of radiation.
Can you explain that?
>>THEO: You are adapting daily
to higher forms of radiation
that permeate your atmosphere,
and electromagnetic fields as
well.
And the physical form,
as one cares for it,
can adapt as you maintain
balances and pay attention.
It is all a matter
of maintenance.
Yes?
And having consciousness about
the maintenance of your planet.
>>REGINA: So in
terms of radiation
and the planet itself and
the oceans themselves,
in the world of
science, what are
some of the most
beneficial things that
can be done to help begin
cleaning and de-acidifying
the oceans at this point?
>>THEO: What you will find is
your sciences had the ability
to create radioactivity.
Yes?
They also have the
ability to make it,
hmm, useful from its
debris, to have, hmm,
the ability to clear it.
>>REGINA: And what
does that look like?
What is that technology?
>>THEO: Fusion.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And that's another subject
that I've been a bit involved
with, the subject of fusion,
cold fusion in particular.
>>THEO: Cold fusion, yes.
And that's coming to the
forefront as we speak.
>>REGINA: It is.
Now, there would
be several people
I know who would be curious
to know your point of view
on that.
And I know it's
difficult looking
at time frames for things
because there are so
many shifting variables
at any given moment.
But do you feel that cold
fusion technology is--
we're on the brink of it coming
into our physical reality now?
>>THEO: It is in your
physical reality.
You are on the brink of
allowing it to be utilized.
>>REGINA: Allowing it
to be utilized, yes.
So that's coming.
>>THEO: And it has been there.
No, it is not coming.
It is.
>>REGINA: No, I mean
the political structures
and acceptance of it
are coming to a head
now where it
appears that we will
be able to utilize it soon?
>>THEO: As long as it's
economically viable to many.
Do you see?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>THEO: For it has
been blocked for years.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>THEO: For those who
wish it not to be used.
So as there is
more necessity, it
will come to the forefront, yes.
>>REGINA: Is it, from
your perspective,
possible that Fukushima
in part happened
to forward that
particular technology
and other clean technologies,
to say let's take a look at what
happens now with the old
type of nuclear energy?
>>THEO: Yes.
As beings are
affected personally
or in their immediate
family structures
by these events, which
many are, then there
will be a demand from the
people that this change comes.
>>REGINA: And most
people, of course,
have no knowledge it even exists
because the media won't allow
that information
out to the public.
>>THEO: It's coming
to the point now
where the media would wish
to speak about it because it
will be demanded of them.
And the greater
numbers would ask.
>>REGINA: On that
subject, there are-- well,
you can see with the media,
what's gone on with the media
and, you know, whether it's
the chicken or the egg.
Are you programming what people
are going to be demanding?
Or are you simply
supplying programming
for what the average
human being demands?
And it appears there's a
fair argument for the fact
that the people have
been conditioned
to certain messages and the
absence of other messages.
And are you seeing that
drawing to a close as well,
or coming to a head?
>>THEO: Yes.
And you're already noticing
the dissatisfaction
from what was to the new.
There are many changes coming
within that as we speak.
>>REGINA: You and I
have talked in years
past about other
changes as well.
And one of them we
spoke about-- now,
we're kind of going off the
topic of creatures and animals
into larger themes.
And that has to do with money.
The way money and the
structure of money and banking
on this planet has
happened is probably
one of the greatest sources
of fear on the planet,
because it equals survival.
And you and I talked a couple
years ago about the notion
that the money
systems as we know
it are not going to
continue this way.
And if you would, please,
explain to our viewers
what you see or what you foresee
happening, that would be great.
>>THEO: We've spoken
for many decades
about this time
of fifth dimension
that is fully a place
about the planet
now, which would bring about a
shift in political structures,
a shift in the global economy.
And it's already been proven
there is a global economy.
It is without borders.
It is about the people.
So this is what is changing, a
global economic structure that
is for the benefit
of all beings.
>>REGINA: Now, people
hear "global economy,"
and the first
thing that comes up
is the notion, oh no,
a one world order.
We're going to have these same
people, but even fewer of them,
controlling the way our
finances move around the planet.
What are you saying exactly?
>>THEO: That
control they've been
afraid of has been
happening anyway.
This is a change
into a new order that
will be for the betterment
of all, a new structure that
will be formed.
For there will always be
an exchange energetically,
and that will be money.
That is what is of your planet.
And so the new
change will come in
this global economic
structure that
serves the people, not the few.
>>REGINA: And when
you say that, that
would require a large
shift in consciousness.
And the money would
have to certainly
be managed by hands other than
the hands it's in right now.
>>THEO: Correct.
>>REGINA: How does that happen?
Right now humanity is-- how
do you get the money out
of the hands of those
who are sequestering it
for their own use and own power?
How does that shift?
What's that look like?
>>THEO: You've
already seen that that
which has been surfacing
dissatisfactorily for all
to see.
Yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>THEO: And a bit continuing,
to the dissatisfaction
to the greater numbers.
>>REGINA: All over the world.
>>THEO: Yes.
And so what is occurring
now is out of the demands
of the people that these
beings not be in charge,
and accountable
for their misdeeds.
And this will come to fruition.
>>REGINA: In the interim,
it's my understanding
that there are other beings,
other human beings, who
have right thinking more in the
process of looking at systems
of money and movement of
money around the planet,
that are under the surface,
in a very large, global way,
beginning to prepare for
bringing something new forward.
The other still exists.
It still goes on.
But that there's going to be
essentially almost a grass
movements replacement of that
that's starting to bubble up--
>>THEO: That's true.
>>REGINA: --from beneath.
And my understanding is
that it's well under way.
And we're coming maybe
to some flash points.
>>THEO: There is
that to be seen.
And you're seeing
daily where this
is occurring, where these
manipulations are surfacing,
not of the new, but of
the old to be cleared away
so the new can come
to the surface, yes.
>>REGINA: So I think
what people are wondering
is-- does it necessarily
have to be painful?
Do we have to see a wholesale
collapse of banking systems
around the world for the
new to be given birth to?
Because we tend to, as humans,
learn more through pain
than pleasure certainly.
Does it have to be that way?
Or is the consciousness
such that there
can be the implementation
slowly, quietly of something
new coming in while the
other just, little by little,
becomes disrupted
and falls away.
>>THEO: It's becoming disrupted.
It's already
occurred, has it not?
>>REGINA: Yes.
But it's still there.
I mean, we're still all--
>>THEO: It's there.
But it took years
for it to surface.
Now it takes a bit
of time, not as long,
for the new to form and
to surface and the other
to be relinquished.
>>REGINA: And because
it is a global economy,
do you see this
as currencies will
change to common currencies
around the planet?
>>THEO: It would.
>>REGINA: But administered
through higher systems
that are administered by
higher consciousness beings?
>>THEO: Yes.
In a collective.
It's not one being
or four or five.
It would be a larger number
in agreement in that sense,
in a managerial sense.
>>REGINA: Yes, in
a managerial sense.
And so that would necessitate
also the coming forward
of new governmental structures
and new political systems.
>>THEO: Yes, we've
spoken of this.
The political systems
do not work any longer.
And it-- hmm.
You are noticing
in the world how
things are dissolving in
some areas of the world.
It's not a perfect
system as it comes forth.
It's being stepped
forward courageously
and asked for the
new to be formed.
Because it affects their full
life and their family's lives.
And as you come into this
global community structure,
a recognition that the
human species are all one,
same needs, desires,
love, unified.
And the political structures
will be formed out
of the desire of that common
unity of human beings globally.
>>REGINA: When we spoke
two or three years ago,
I remember you said that our
political system in the United
States was going to go through
a rather significant change.
The two-party system
that we know now
was going to go through
a significant change.
And I think you said that
was upcoming relatively soon.
I don't remember now
if it was 2016, 2012.
Can you give us some idea of
when you see these changes?
>>THEO: It's happening now.
All of the disruption and
dissatisfaction and those
who do not agree and
do not work together,
it's dissatisfying the
people, the masses.
Yes?
So there's a demand
and a recognition
of the need to change.
And the apathetic structure
of human beings recognizing
this is touching their own lives
and they must speak out and be
active is coming, which changes
the environment completely.
Because these old forms
of political structures
do not work and are not
in the highest good.
And so new is being
formed as we speak
in the minds of all
of you, seeing ways
to create a structure where all
beings have a voice and count.
With technology, you
see, it can be done.
Before now, it could not.
But the new form
comes technologically.
>>REGINA: Do you
see a different--
our shifting our levels
of responsibility
back to closer to home,
to ourselves, the family,
our small and local communities,
away from this dependency
we've all developed
on large structures?
>>THEO: There would
be a bit of both, yes.
For there is the need-- the
microcosm of the macrocosm.
Yes?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>THEO: So there would be still
those structures necessary,
but different.
>>REGINA: And on that note,
we have a few minutes left.
Well, there is one
other thing I wanted
to ask you about that I'm
particularly interested in.
And that has to do-- we spoke
about the waters of the planet.
And I would like to speak
about the trees of the planet
and about the nature of trees,
such as the redwood trees who
have up to this time been
able to live thousands
of years on the planet.
And with what's
going on ecologically
and environmentally, with
the shifts in frequencies
and also oxygen
levels and such, do
you see the trees
of our planet--
are they, like we're
adapting to radiation,
are they adapting to low levels
of oxygen and such as well?
And will they continue on
to perform their duties
and their oxygen exchange
and live their lives
as they always have?
>>THEO: No.
The plants, the trees give
oxygen to your planet.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Will they continue?
Will they be able to continue?
>>THEO: They would, yes.
Just as those plants within your
home give oxygen to your home.
>>REGINA: Is the
environmental condition
such they'll be able to continue
doing this in the same way?
>>THEO: They would.
As long as they are
continually growing.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>THEO: In the sense of
having land space to grow.
>>REGINA: Because
oftentimes it's
argued that our forests are
in jeopardy, more because
of ecological or environmental,
atmospheric conditions.
And that's something
that's concerning.
I mean, that would
be concerning.
That's why I wanted
to know if you felt,
as long as long as we
quit cutting them down,
they can continue doing their
part in the oxygen cycle.
>>THEO: Yes.
And they have a
natural way of, hmm,
having their own life
sustained and regained again,
a natural way that is
natural to the Earth.
It's been the manipulation of
man that has created imbalance.
>>REGINA: Yes, of course.
>>THEO: So as one's
become more aware
and listened to the planet
itself, it will heal itself.
>>REGINA: So all
these-- I ask this
because if you go
to a movie theater
right now, if you look
at new television shows,
it's all post-apocalyptic.
There are no trees.
There isn't much water.
There's not much of anything.
Why is that being put
forward, in your opinion?
>>THEO: All fear based, yes.
And that's what
we're speaking about.
The consciousness
has been fear based,
fright or flight, survival.
Now is the time to shift
those patternings of the brain
to a positive neural patterning
rather than the negative that
was necessary in
third dimension.
But there is not
that need to continue
to have the neural pathways
default to the negative
or fear.
And reframing the brain,
creating new neural pathways,
can be done with your thoughts.
The brain is always growing.
>>REGINA: So our planet will
do just fine as long as we have
the ability to reprogram
our own brains--
>>THEO: Correct
>>REGINA: --away from fear
and into the positivity
of what's possible and what
can very easily continue
of its own volition.
>>THEO: Yes, correct.
>>REGINA: Thank you for that.
I'm so disturbed when I see all
these apocalyptic scenarios,
because it's programming a
whole generation of young people
to think that this
is kind of it.
You're seeing your last
trees, your last flowers,
your last dolphins.
And that's not true.
>>THEO: There's been a
programming of the brain
that the soul does
not continue as well.
But there is now, for
each and every being,
the ability to
connect to the soul,
to have the awareness
that you are
more than your physical
body, that is eternal.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Any final comments,
Theo, before we go?
>>THEO: You are all blessed.
Accept the knowledge
that you are
the master of your
world, your life.
You are not at the effect.
You can be at the causal energy
run of all things in your life.
Choose it to be so.
>>REGINA: Perfect words.
Thank you so much, Theo.
>>THEO: God's love unto you.
Good day.
>>REGINA: Good day.
She's back.
>>GILLETTE: Hi.
>>REGINA: Hi.
[LAUGHING] Thank you
for that, Sheila.
>>GILLETTE: You're welcome.
>>REGINA: Some very
interesting information.
And we're going to
continue the conversation
about the soul,
the soul's journey,
and how we choose the
families we choose.
Right?
We're going to do that
in a second conversation.
Sheila, thank you so much.
I look forward to our
next conversation.
>>GILLETTE: I do, too.
>>REGINA: Of course, there
are many more anomalies
of nature and our cosmos.
This is just a starting
point for exploration.
We're going to have
Sheila back, as we just
mentioned, to speak about
the dynamics of blood and DNA
and soul connections
that bind us
all together
throughout lifetimes.
And particularly, we're
going to take a look
at what are termed the
black sheep in families.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]